Q151: A 62-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with a 2-hour history of sharp chest pain. She says that the pain is worse when she inhales and is relieved by sitting up and leaning forward. Her past medical history is significant for rheumatoid arthritis, myocardial infarction status post coronary artery bypass graft, and radiation for breast cancer 20 years ago. Physical exam reveals a rubbing sound upon cardiac auscultation as well as increased jugular venous distention on inspiration. Pericardiocentesis is performed revealing grossly bloody fluid. Which of the following is most specifically associated with this patient's presentation?
Q152: A 71-year-old African American man is brought to the emergency department with sudden onset lower limb paralysis and back pain. He has had generalized bone pain for 2 months. He has no history of severe illnesses. He takes ibuprofen for pain. On examination, he is pale. The vital signs include: temperature 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse 68/min, respiratory rate 16/min, and blood pressure 155/90 mm Hg. The neurologic examination shows paraparesis. The 8th thoracic vertebra is tender to palpation. X-ray of the thoracic vertebrae confirms a compression fracture at the same level. The laboratory studies show the following:
Laboratory test
Hemoglobin 9 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 95 μm3
Leukocyte count 5,000/mm3
Platelet count 240,000/mm3
ESR 85 mm/hr
Serum
Na+ 135 mEq/L
K+ 4.2 mEq/L
Cl− 113 mEq/L
HCO3− 20 mEq/L
Ca+ 11.8 mg/dL
Albumin 4 g/dL
Urea nitrogen 38 mg/dL
Creatinine 2.2 mg/dL
Which of the following is the most likely mechanism underlying this patient’s vertebral fracture?
Q153: A 48-year-old man with a 30-pack-year history comes to the physician for a follow-up examination 6 months after a chest CT showed a solitary 5-mm solid nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung. The follow-up CT shows that the size of the nodule has increased to 2 cm. Ipsilateral mediastinal lymph node involvement is noted. A biopsy of the pulmonary nodule shows small, dark blue tumor cells with hyperchromatic nuclei and scarce cytoplasm. Cranial MRI and skeletal scintigraphy show no evidence of other metastases. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Q154: A 25-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with palpitations, sweating, and blurry vision after playing volleyball on the beach. She denies chest pain and shortness of breath. She states that these episodes occur often, but resolve after eating a meal or drinking a sugary soda. Past medical history is unremarkable, and she takes no medications. Temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 18/min. Fingerstick blood glucose level is 42 g/dL. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia. Urinalysis and toxicology are noncontributory. Appropriate medical therapy is administered and she is discharged with an appointment for a fasting blood draw within the week. Laboratory results are as follows:
Blood glucose 45 mg/dL
Serum insulin  20 microU/L (N: < 6 microU/L)
Serum proinsulin 10 microU/L (N: < 20% of total insulin)
C-peptide level  0.8 nmol/L (N: < 0.2 nmol/L)
Sulfonylurea Negative
IGF-2  Negative
What is the most likely cause of this patient’s hypoglycemia?
Q155: A 56-year-old woman is referred to your office with mammography results showing a dense, spiculated mass with clustered microcalcifications. The family history is negative for breast, endometrial, and ovarian cancers. She was formerly a flight attendant and since retirement, she has started a strict Mediterranean diet because she was "trying to compensate for her lack of physical activity". She is the mother of two. She breastfed each infant for 18 months, as recommended by her previous physician. Her only two surgical procedures have been a breast augmentation with implants and tubal ligation. The physical examination is unremarkable. There are no palpable masses and no nipple or breast skin abnormalities. The patient lacks a family history of breast cancer. Which of the following is the most significant risk factor for the development of breast cancer in this patient?
Q156: A 64-year-old male presents to his primary care physician. Laboratory work-up and physical examination are suggestive of a diagnosis of prostatic adenocarcinoma. A tissue biopsy is obtained, which confirms the diagnosis. Which of the following is indicative of metastatic disease?
Q157: A 53-year-old man comes to the physician for recurring fever and night sweats for the past 6 months. The fevers persist for 7 to 10 days and then subside completely for about a week before returning again. During this period, he has also noticed two painless lumps on his neck that have gradually increased in size. Over the past year, he has had an 8.2-kg (18.1 lbs) weight loss. Two years ago, he had a severe sore throat and fever, which was diagnosed as infectious mononucleosis. He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for the past 10 years. He does not drink alcohol. His job involves monthly international travel to Asia and Africa. He takes no medications. His temperature is 39°C (102.2°F), pulse is 90/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 105/60 mm Hg. Physical examination shows 2 enlarged, nontender, fixed cervical lymph nodes on each side of the neck. Microscopic examination of a specimen obtained on biopsy of a cervical lymph node is shown. Which of the following additional findings is most likely present in this patient?
Q158: A 71-year-old man presents to the primary care clinic with non-specific complaints of fatigue and malaise. His past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type II, hypertension, non-seminomatous testicular cancer, and hypercholesterolemia. He currently smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a glass of wine per day, and he currently denies any illicit drug use. His vital signs include: temperature, 36.7°C (98.0°F); blood pressure, 126/74 mm Hg; heart rate, 87/min; and respiratory rate, 17/min. On examination, his physician notices cervical and inguinal lymphadenopathy bilaterally, as well as splenomegaly. The patient comments that he has lost 18.1 kg (40 lb) over the past 6 months without a change in diet or exercise, which he was initially not concerned about. The physician orders a complete blood count and adds on flow cytometry. Based on his age and overall epidemiology, which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Q159: A 45-year-old man comes to the physician because of a productive cough and dyspnea. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 15 years. His temperature is 38.8°C (102°F). Physical examination shows decreased breath sounds and dullness on percussion above the right lower lobe. An x-ray of the chest shows a right lower lobe density and a small amount of fluid in the right pleural space. The patient's symptoms improve with antibiotic treatment, but he develops right-sided chest pain one week later. Pulmonary examination shows new scratchy, high-pitched breath sounds on auscultation of the right lobe. Histologic examination of a pleural biopsy specimen is most likely to show which of the following findings?
Q160: A 50-year-old obese woman presents for a follow-up appointment regarding microcalcifications found in her left breast on a recent screening mammogram. The patient denies any recent associated symptoms. The past medical history is significant for polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), for which she takes metformin. Her menarche occurred at age 11, and the patient still has regular menstrual cycles. The family history is significant for breast cancer in her mother at the age of 72. The review of systems is notable for a 6.8 kg (15 lb) weight loss in the past 2 months. The vital signs include: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 130/70 mm Hg, pulse 82/min, respiratory rate 17/min, and oxygen saturation 98% on room air. On physical examination, the patient is alert and cooperative. The breast examination reveals no palpable masses, lymphadenopathy, or evidence of skin retraction. An excisional biopsy of the left breast is performed, and histologic examination demonstrates evidence of non-invasive malignancy. Which of the following is the most appropriate course of treatment for this patient?
Q161: A 63-year-old man presents to the emergency department with periorbital swelling. He states that he was gardening, came inside, looked in the mirror, and then noticed his eyelids were swollen. He denies pain, pruritus, or visual disturbances. He states that he was drinking “a lot of water" to prevent dehydration, because it was hot outside this morning. His medical history is significant for rheumatoid arthritis. He takes methotrexate and acetaminophen as needed. The patient’s temperature is 98°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 168/108 mmHg, and pulse is 75/min. Physical examination is notable for periorbital edema, hepatomegaly, and bilateral 1+ pitting lower extremity edema. Labs and a urinalysis are obtained, as shown below:

Leukocyte count: 11,000/mm^3
Hemoglobin: 14 g/dL

Serum:
Na: 138 mEq/L
K+: 4.3 mEq/L
Cl-: 104 mEq/L
HCO3-: 25 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen: 26 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.4 mg/dL
Glucose: 85 mg/dL
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST, GOT): 15 U/L
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT, GPT): 19 U/L
Albumin: 2.0 g/dL

Urine:
Protein: 150 mg/dL
Creatinine: 35 mg/dL

An abdominal ultrasound reveals an enlarged liver with heterogeneous echogenicity and enlarged kidneys with increased echogenicity in the renal parenchyma. A biopsy of the kidney is obtained. Which of the following biopsy findings is associated with the patient’s most likely diagnosis?
Q162: A 55-year-old female presents to her primary care physician complaining of a mass in her mid-thigh. The mass has grown slowly over the past six months and is not painful. The patient’s past medical history is notable for hypertension and hyperlipidemia. She takes lisinopril and rosuvastatin. On examination, there is a firm, immobile mass on the medial aspect of the distal thigh. She has full range of motion and strength in her lower extremities and patellar reflexes are 2+ bilaterally. A biopsy of the mass reveals multiple pleomorphic smooth muscle cells with nuclear atypia. The patient subsequently initiates radiation therapy with plans to undergo surgical resection. This tumor will most strongly stain for which of the following?
Q163: A 27-year-old woman presents to the emergency department for fever and generalized malaise. Her symptoms began approximately 3 days ago, when she noticed pain with urination and mild blood in her urine. Earlier this morning she experienced chills, flank pain, and mild nausea. Approximately 1 month ago she had the "flu" that was rhinovirus positive and was treated with supportive management. She has a past medical history of asthma. She is currently sexually active and uses contraception inconsistently. She occasionally drinks alcohol and denies illicit drug use. Family history is significant for her mother having systemic lupus erythematosus. Her temperature is 101°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 125/87 mmHg, pulse is 101/min, and respirations are 18/min. On physical examination, she appears uncomfortable. There is left-sided flank, suprapubic, and costovertebral angle tenderness. Urine studies are obtained and a urinalysis is demonstrated below:

Color: Amber
pH: 6.8
Leukocyte: Positive
Protein: Trace
Glucose: Negative
Ketones: Negative
Blood: Positive
Nitrite: Positive
Leukocyte esterase: Positive
Specific gravity: 1.015

If a renal biopsy is performed in this patient, which of the following would most likely be found on pathology?
Q164: A 25-year-old man is brought to the physician because of fatigue, lethargy, and lower leg swelling for 2 weeks. He also noticed that his urine appeared darker than usual and for the last 2 days he has passed only small amounts of urine. His temperature is 37.5°C (98.6°F), pulse is 88/min, respirations are 15/min, and blood pressure is 154/98 mm Hg. Examination shows 2+ pretibial edema bilaterally. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.9 g/dL
Leukocyte count 8200/mm3
Platelet count 220,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 137 mEq/L
Cl- 102 mEq/L
K+ 4.8 mEq/L
HCO3- 22 mEq/L
Glucose 85 mg/dL
Urea nitrogen 34 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.4 mg/dL
Urine
Blood 2+
Protein 3+
Glucose negative
RBC 10–12/HPF with dysmorphic features
RBC casts numerous
Renal biopsy specimen shows a crescent formation in the glomeruli with extracapillary cell proliferation. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Q165: A 36-year-old woman comes to the physician for a routine gynecological examination. She feels well. Menses occur with normal flow at regular 28-day intervals and last for 3 to 5 days. Her last menstrual period was 20 days ago. She is sexually active with one male partner and they use condoms inconsistently. Her sister was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 40 years. She drinks a glass of wine occasionally with dinner and has smoked 10 cigarettes daily for the past 15 years. The patient's vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination including a complete pelvic exam shows no abnormalities. Urine pregnancy test is negative. A Pap smear shows atypical glandular cells. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Q166: A 4-year-old boy is brought to his pediatrician by his mother for a physical exam before summer camp. They have no complaints or concerns at this time. He was born at 37 weeks gestation by cesarean delivery. The delivery was complicated by an omphalocele and macrosomia. During infancy and into early childhood, he struggled to breathe and eat due to an enlarged tongue. Growth and development were mostly normal with mild uneven growth of his body. He has one uncle that had similar symptoms and is alive and well. The child is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting developmental goals. He enjoys school and playing with his friends. His heart rate of 90/min, respiratory rate of 22/min, blood pressure of 110/65 mm Hg, and temperature of 36.9°C (98.4°F). Overall the child appears healthy. Physical exam findings include known hemihypertrophy of the right side along with a mildly enlarged tongue. This patient is at increased risk of developing which of the following?
Q167: A 59-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-month history of fatigue and abdominal discomfort. Over the past 6 months, she has had a 5.4-kg (12-lb) weight loss. She takes no medications. Her temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 70/min, respirations are 13/min, and blood pressure is 125/80 mm Hg. Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities. The spleen is palpated 3 cm below the left costal margin. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 9.4 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 86 μm3
Leukocyte count 58,000/mm3
Segmented neutrophils 54%
Bands 8%
Lymphocytes 7%
Myelocytes 5%
Metamyelocytes 10%
Promyelocytes 4%
Blasts 5%
Monocytes 1%
Eosinophils 4%
Basophils 2%
Platelet count 850,000/mm3
Serum
Creatinine
0.9 mg/dL
LDH 501 U/L
Bone marrow biopsy shows hyperplastic myelopoiesis with granulocytosis. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Q168: A 42-year-old woman presents to the physician because of an abnormal breast biopsy report following suspicious findings on breast imaging. Other than being concerned about her report, she feels well. She has no history of any serious illnesses and takes no medications. She does not smoke. She consumes wine 1–2 times per week with dinner. There is no significant family history of breast or ovarian cancer. Vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination shows no abnormal findings. The biopsy shows lobular carcinoma in situ (LCIS) in the left breast. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Q169: A 33-year-old woman comes to the emergency department because of a 3-day history of lower abdominal pain and severe burning with urination. Two years ago, she was diagnosed with cervical cancer and was successfully treated with a combination of radiation and chemotherapy. She has systemic lupus erythematosus and finished a course of cyclophosphamide 3 weeks ago. She is sexually active with multiple male and female partners and uses a diaphragm for contraception. She has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 12 years. Current medication includes hydroxychloroquine. Her temperature is 36.6°C (97.9°F), pulse is 84/min, and blood pressure is 136/84 mm Hg. The abdomen is soft and there is tenderness to palpation over the pelvic region. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 13.1 g/dL
Leukocyte count 7,400/mm3
Platelet count 210,000/mm3
Urine
pH 7
WBC 62/hpf
RBC 12/hpf
Protein negative
Nitrites positive
Which of the following is the most likely underlying mechanism of this patient's condition?"
Q170: A 39-year-old male presents with muscle weakness in his upper and lower extremities. The patient has also noticed some trouble with swallowing. On physical exam, signs of hyperreflexia, spasticity, fasciculations, and muscle atrophy are present in an asymmetric fashion. Tongue fasciculations are also present. No sensory loss is noted. The patient does not report any abnormality with his bowel or bladder function. What will most likely be found on muscle biopsy?
Q171: An investigator studying targeted therapy in patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors requires a reliable test to determine the spatial distribution of CD117-positive cells in biopsy specimens. Which of the following is the most appropriate test?
Q172: A 56-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-year-history of intermittent upper abdominal pain that occurs a few hours after meals and occasionally wakes her up in the middle of the night. She reports that the pain is relieved with food intake. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Endoscopy shows a 0.5 x 0.5 cm ulcer on the posterior wall of the duodenal bulb. A biopsy specimen obtained from the edge of the ulcer shows hyperplasia of submucosal glandular structures. Hyperplasia of these cells most likely results in an increase of which of the following?
Q173: A 37-year-old man who had undergone liver transplantation 7 years ago, presents to the physician because of yellowish discoloration of the skin, sclera, and urine. He is on regular immunosuppressive therapy and is well-adherent to the treatment. He has no comorbidities and is not taking any other medication. He provides a history of similar episodes of yellowish skin discoloration 6–7 times since he underwent liver transplantation. Physical examination shows clinical jaundice. Laboratory studies show:
While blood cell (WBC) count 4,400/mm3
Hemoglobin 11.1 g/dL
Serum creatinine 0.9 mg/dL
Serum bilirubin (total) 44 mg/dL
Aspartate transaminase (AST) 1,111 U/L
Alanine transaminase (ALT) 671 U/L
Serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase 777 U/L
Alkaline phosphatase 888 U/L
Prothrombin time 17 seconds
A Doppler ultrasound shows significantly reduced blood flow into the transplanted liver. A biopsy of the transplanted liver is likely to show which of the following histological features?
Q174: A 43-year-old woman presents to your clinic for the evaluation of an abnormal skin lesion on her forearm. The patient is worried because her mother passed away from melanoma. You believe that the lesion warrants biopsy for further evaluation for possible melanoma. Your patient is concerned about her risk for malignant disease. What is the most important prognostic factor of melanoma?
Q175: A 45-year-old female is admitted to the hospital after worsening headaches for the past month. She has noticed that the headaches are usually generalized, and frequently occur during sleep. She does not have a history of migraines or other types of headaches. Her past medical history is significant for breast cancer, which was diagnosed a year ago and treated with mastectomy. She recovered fully and returned to work shortly thereafter. CT scan of the brain now shows a solitary cortical 5cm mass surrounded by edema in the left hemisphere of the brain at the grey-white matter junction. She is admitted to the hospital for further management. What is the most appropriate next step in management for this patient?
Q176: A 74-year-old man presents to the physician with a painful lesion over his right lower limb which began 2 days ago. He says that the lesion began with pain and severe tenderness in the area. The next day, the size of the lesion increased and it became erythematous. He also mentions that a similar lesion had appeared over his left lower limb 3 weeks earlier, but it disappeared after a few days of taking over the counter analgesics. There is no history of trauma, and the man does not have any known medical conditions. On physical examination, the physician notes a cordlike tender area with erythema and edema. There are no signs suggestive of deep vein thrombosis or varicose veins. Which of the following malignancies is most commonly associated with the lesion described in the patient?
Q177: A 50-year-old Caucasian man presents for a routine checkup. He does not have any current complaint. He is healthy and takes no medications. He has smoked 10–15 cigarettes per day for the past 10 years. His family history is negative for gastrointestinal disorders. Which of the following screening tests is recommended for this patient according to the United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF)?
Q178: A 59-year-old man comes to the physician because of a 4-month history of a pruritic rash. His symptoms have not improved despite treatment with over-the-counter creams. During this period, he has also had a 6-kg (13.5-lb) weight loss. Examination shows a scaly rash over his chest, back, and thighs. A photograph of the rash on his thighs is shown. A biopsy of the skin lesions shows clusters of neoplastic cells with cerebriform nuclei within the epidermis. This patient's condition is most likely caused by the abnormal proliferation of which of the following cell types?
Q179: A 49-year-old woman presents to her primary care physician for a routine health maintenance examination. She says that she is currently feeling well and has not noticed any acute changes in her health. She exercises 3 times a week and has tried to increase the amount of fruits and vegetables in her diet. She has smoked approximately 1 pack of cigarettes every 2 days for the last 20 years. Her last pap smear was performed 2 years ago, which was unremarkable. Her past medical history includes hypertension and type II diabetes. Her mother was diagnosed with breast cancer at 62 years of age. The patient is 5 ft 5 in (165.1 cm), weighs 185 lbs (84 kg), and has a BMI of 30.8 kg/m^2. Her blood pressure is 155/98 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 18/min. Physical examination is unremarkable. Lipid studies demonstrate an LDL cholesterol of 130 mg/dL and an HDL cholesterol of 42 mg/dL. Which of the following is the best next step in management?
Q180: A 69-year-old Caucasian man presents for a routine health maintenance examination. He feels well. He has no significant past medical history. He takes aspirin for the occasional headaches that he has had for over several years. He exercises every day and does not smoke. His father was diagnosed with a hematologic malignancy at 79 years old. The patient’s vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. The laboratory test results are as follows:
Hemoglobin 14.5 g/dL
Leukocyte count 62,000/mm3
Platelet count 350,000/mm3
A peripheral blood smear is obtained (shown on the image). Which of the following best explains these findings?
Q181: A 43-year-old woman presents to her primary care physician for a general wellness appointment. The patient states that sometimes she has headaches and is ashamed of her body habitus. Otherwise, the patient has no complaints. The patient's 90-year-old mother recently died of breast cancer. The patient smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day. She drinks 2-3 glasses of red wine per day with dinner. She has been considering having a child as she has just been promoted to a position that gives her more time off and a greater income. The patient's current medications include lisinopril, metformin, and a progesterone intrauterine device (IUD). On physical exam, you note a normal S1 and S2 heart sound. Pulmonary exam is clear to auscultation bilaterally. The patient's abdominal, musculoskeletal, and neurological exams are within normal limits. The patient is concerned about her risk for breast cancer and asks what she can do to reduce her chance of getting this disease. Which of the following is the best recommendation for this patient?
Q182: A 34-year-old man comes to the physician for a 2-month history of an itchy rash on his forearm. He feels well otherwise and has not had any fever or chills. He returned from an archaeological expedition to Guatemala 4 months ago. Skin examination shows a solitary, round, pink-colored plaque with central ulceration on the right wrist. There is right axillary lymphadenopathy. A photomicrograph of a biopsy specimen from the lesion is shown. Which of the following is the most likely causal organism?
Q183: A 65-year-old man comes to the physician for evaluation of a neck mass and weight loss. He first noticed the growing mass 2 months ago. The mass is not painful. He also has decreased appetite and intermittent abdominal pain. He has lost 10 kg (22 lb) of weight over the past 3 months. Sometimes, he wakes up in the morning drenched in sweat. He takes daily over-the-counter multivitamins. He appears pale. His pulse is 65/min, blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, and temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F). Physical exam shows a painless, golf ball-sized mass in the anterior triangle of the neck. A biopsy shows large cells with a bilobed nucleus that are CD15- and CD30-positive. Laboratory analysis of serum shows a calcium level of 14.5 mg/dL and a parathyroid hormone level of 40 pg/mL. Which of the following is the most likely explanation of this patient's laboratory findings?
Q184: A previously healthy 2-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department because of a 2-day history of fever and pain in the left lower extremity. His mother says that he has refused to walk for the last two days and has had a poor appetite. He returned from a weekend camping trip about a month ago. His maternal cousin died of osteosarcoma at the age of 12. His immunizations are up-to-date. He is at the 80th percentile for height and 70th percentile for weight. He appears ill. His temperature is 39.3°C (102.7°F), pulse is 115/min, respirations are 19/min, and blood pressure is 95/50 mm Hg. Examination of the left hip shows tenderness; range of motion is limited. Minimal attempts to rotate the hip cause severe discomfort. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 12 g/dL
Leukocyte count 19,800/mm3
Platelet count 254,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 55 mm/h
Serum
Glucose 80 mg/dL
CRP 15 mg/L
X-rays of the pelvis shows a widened acetabular space on the left side. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Q185: A 43-year-old woman comes to the office with a 3-day history of a rash. She's had a rash across her neck, shoulders, and the palms of her hands for the past five days. She's also had large-volume watery diarrhea for the same period of time. Past medical history is notable for acute myeloid leukemia, for which she received a stem cell transplant from a donor about two months prior. Physical exam reveals a faint red maculopapular rash across her neck, shoulders, and hands, as well as an enlarged liver and spleen. Labs are notable for a total bilirubin of 10. Which of the following is the mechanism of this patient's pathology?
Q186: A 23-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 5-month history of a pruritic rash on the bilateral upper extremities. She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications. A skin biopsy of the rash shows intraepidermal accumulation of edematous fluid and widening of intercellular spaces between keratinocytes. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Q187: A physician attempts to study cirrhosis in his state. Using a registry of admitted patients over the last 10 years at the local hospital, he isolates all patients who have been diagnosed with cirrhosis. Subsequently, he contacts this group of patients, asking them to complete a survey assessing their prior exposure to alcohol use, intravenous drug abuse, blood transfusions, personal history of cancer, and other medical comorbidities. An identical survey is given to an equal number of patients in the registry who do not carry a prior diagnosis of cirrhosis. Which of the following is the study design utilized by this physician?
Q188: A 5-year-old male is brought to his pediatrician after recurrent, prolonged upper respiratory infections over a period of several months. Physical exam reveals petechiae on the patient’s legs and arms. Laboratory studies show hemoglobin: 10 g/L, platelet count: 35,000/mm^3, leukocyte count: 6,600/mm^3. A bone marrow aspiration shows an abundance of lymphoblasts indicative of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Positive immunostaining for which of the following would support a diagnosis of precursor B-cell leukemia?
Q189: A 4-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his mother because of generalized weakness and difficulty walking for the past month. Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 6.6 g/dL, mean corpuscular volume of 74 μm3, platelet count of 150,000/mm3, and serum total bilirubin of 2 mg/dl. An MRI of the spine shows low signal intensity in all vertebral bodies and a small epidural mass compressing the spinal canal at the level of L1. A CT scan of the head shows osteopenia with widening of the diploic spaces in the skull. A biopsy of the epidural mass shows erythroid colonies with an abundance of megakaryocytes and myeloid cells. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Q190: A 38-year-old man comes to the physician because of a 1-month history of fever and a cough productive of a moderate amount of yellowish sputum. He has had a 6-kg (13-lb) weight loss during this period. He emigrated from the Middle East around 2 years ago. His father died of lung cancer at the age of 54 years. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 18 years. He appears malnourished. His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 101/min, and blood pressure is 118/72 mm Hg. Crackles are heard on auscultation of the chest. Cardiac examination shows no abnormalities. The abdomen is soft and nontender. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 12.3 g/dL
Leukocyte count 13,200/mm3
Platelet count 330,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 66 mm/h
Serum
Urea nitrogen 16 mg/dL
Glucose 122 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.9 mg/dL
Urinalysis is within normal limits. An x-ray of the chest is shown. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Q191: A 41-year-old man with HIV comes to the physician because of rectal bleeding and itching for 2 weeks. During this period, he has also had pain with defecation. Four months ago, he was diagnosed with anogenital warts that were treated with cryotherapy. Over the past year, he has been sexually active with 3 male partners. He uses condoms inconsistently. Current medications are zidovudine, emtricitabine, and efavirenz. Digital rectal examination and anoscopy show an exophytic mass on the anal margin that is protruding into the anal canal. The mass is tender to palpation and bleeds easily on contact. Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 7,600/mm3 and a CD4+ T-lymphocyte count of 410/mm3 (N ≥ 500). A biopsy specimen of the lesion shows a well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma. Which of the following cellular processes was most likely involved in the pathogenesis of this patient's malignancy?
Q192: A 55-year-old woman comes to your office because she noticed the growth of unwanted hair on her upper lip, chin, and chest. She has also noticed an increase in blackheads and pimples on her skin. Her female partner has also recently brought to her attention the deepening of her voice, weight gain, and changes in her external genitalia that generated some personal relationship issues. The patient is frustrated as these changes have appeared over the course of the last 8 months. She claims that she was feeling completely normal before all of these physical changes started. Physical examination shows dark coarse stubbles distributed along her upper lip, chin, chest, back, oily skin, and moderately inflamed acne. Pelvic examination reveals a clitoris measuring 12 mm long, a normal sized mobile retroverted uterus, and a firm, enlarged left ovary. What is the most likely diagnosis of this patient?
Q193: A 67-year-old man comes to the physician because of numbness and burning sensation of his legs for the past week. He also complains that his stools have been larger and rougher than usual. He has non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is currently receiving chemotherapy with prednisone, vincristine, rituximab, cyclophosphamide, and doxorubicin. He has received 4 cycles of chemotherapy, and his last chemotherapy cycle was 2 weeks ago. His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 89/min, and blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg. Examination shows decreased muscle strength in the distal muscles of the lower extremities. Ankle jerk is 1+ bilaterally and knee reflex is 2+ bilaterally. Sensation to pain, vibration, and position is decreased over the lower extremities. Serum concentrations of glucose, creatinine, electrolytes, and calcium are within the reference range. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms?
Q194: A 76-year-old Japanese man is admitted to the hospital because of a 3-month history of loose stools and worsening peripheral edema. He also reports fatigue, a 10-pound weight loss over the past 6 weeks, and a tingling sensation in his hands and feet over the same time period. Aside from the family dog, he has not had contact with animals for over 1 year and has not traveled outside the country. He has hypertension and benign prostatic hyperplasia. Five years ago, he underwent a partial gastrectomy with jejunal anastomosis for gastric cancer. Current medications include hydrochlorothiazide and tamsulosin. His temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 132/83 mm Hg. Examination shows a soft and nontender abdomen. There is a well-healed scar on the upper abdomen. Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities. The conjunctivae appear pale. Sensation to vibration and position is absent over the lower extremities. His hemoglobin concentration is 9.9 g/dL, MCV is 108 μm3, total protein 3.9 g/dL, and albumin 1.9 g/dL. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's condition?
Q195: A 72-year-old man is brought to the physician by his son because of gradually progressive yellow discoloration of his skin and generalized pruritus for the past 2 weeks. During this period, his appetite has decreased and he has had a 6.3-kg (14-lb) weight loss. He reports that his stool appears pale and his urine is very dark. Three years ago, he had an episode of acute upper abdominal pain that was treated with IV fluids, NSAIDs, and dietary modification. He has stopped drinking alcohol since then; he used to drink 1–2 beers daily for 40 years. He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for the past 50 years. His vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination shows yellowing of the conjunctivae and skin. The abdomen is soft and nontender; a soft, cystic mass is palpated in the right upper quadrant. Serum studies show:
Bilirubin, total 5.6 mg/dL
Direct 4.8 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 192 U/L
AST 32 U/L
ALT 34 U/L
Abdominal ultrasonography shows an anechoic cystic mass in the subhepatic region and dilation of the intrahepatic and extrahepatic bile ducts. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?"
Q196: A 5-year-old boy is brought to the pediatric clinic for evaluation of fever, pain, swelling in the left leg, and limping. Review of systems and history is otherwise unremarkable. The vital signs include: pulse 110/min, temperature 38.1°C (100.6°F), and blood pressure 100/70 mm Hg. On examination, there is a tender swelling over the lower part of his left leg. Which 1 of the following X-ray findings is most suggestive of Ewing’s sarcoma?
Q197: Five days after undergoing an open colectomy and temporary colostomy for colon cancer, a 73-year-old man develops severe pain and swelling of the left calf. He was diagnosed with colon cancer 3 months ago. He has hypothyroidism and hypertension. His father died of colon cancer at the age of 68. He does not smoke. Prior to admission, his medications included levothyroxine, amlodipine, and carvedilol. Since the surgery, he has also been receiving unfractionated heparin, morphine, and piperacillin-tazobactam. He is 172 cm (5 ft 8 in) tall and weighs 101 kg (223 lb); BMI is 34.1 kg/m2. He appears uncomfortable. His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 128/92 mm Hg. Examination shows multiple necrotic lesions over bilateral thighs. The left calf is erythematous, tender, and swollen. Dorsiflexion of the left foot elicits pain behind the knee. The abdomen is soft and nontender. There is a healing midline incision and the colostomy is healthy and functioning. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 13.6 g/dL
Leukocyte count 12,100/mm3
Platelet count 78,000/mm3
Prothrombin time 18 seconds (INR = 1.1)
Activated partial thromboplastin time 46 seconds
Serum
Na+ 138 mEq/L
Cl- 103 mEq/L
K+ 4.1 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 18 mg/dL
Glucose 101 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.1 mg/dL
Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Q198: A 23-year-old female presents with a seven-day history of abdominal pain, and now bloody diarrhea that brings her to her primary care physician. Review of systems is notable for a 12-pound unintentional weight loss and intermittent loose stools. She has a family history notable for a father with CAD and a mother with primary sclerosing cholangitis. Upon further workup, she is found to have the following on colonoscopy and biopsy, Figures A and B respectively. Serum perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (P-ANCA) is positive. This patient's disease is likely to also include which of the following features?
Q199: A scientist is studying mechanisms by which cancer drugs work to kill tumor cells. She is working to optimize the function of a drug class in order to reduce toxicity and increase potency for the target. After synthesizing a variety of analogs for the drug class, she tests these new pharmacologic compounds against a panel of potential targets. Assay results show that there is significant binding to a clustered group of proteins. Upon examining these proteins, she finds that the proteins add a phosphate group to an aromatic amino acid sidechain. Which of the following disorders would most likely be treated by this drug class?
Q200: A 35-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 2, comes to the physician with intermenstrual bleeding and heavy menses for the past 4 months. She does not take any medications. Her father died of colon cancer at the age of 42 years. A curettage sample shows dysplastic tall, columnar, cells in the endometrium without intervening stroma. Germline sequencing shows a mutation in the MLH1 gene. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of neoplasia in this patient?
